Align Getting started section for Angular 19 (#3509)
Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs: content/web/gettingstarted.md

> This guide will setup your first application. The first step is to install the `@angular/cli` in the right version. Server Side Rendering (SSR) is not supported and therefore set to `false`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will setup your first application. The first step is to install the `@angular/cli` in the right version. Server Side Rendering (SSR) and applications based on the standalone API are not supported and therefore set to `false`:
```

```bash

> npx @angular/cli@19 new --style=less --ssr=false --standalone=false

Reviewer 2: I guess we shouldn't set standalone to false.. We've added steps to be compatible with standalone set to true..
```suggestion
npx @angular/cli@19 new --style=less --ssr=false
```

  cockpit
  devicemanagement
  hybrid
  login
  tutorial

>   widget-plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  sample-plugin
```

Cumulocity applications to reuse the functions provided there. In alternative, you could start a
blank application by selecting the "application" project.

For an alternative to the scaffolding, you can get application from list above directly from their github repositories:
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Administration](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/administration)
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Application](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/application)
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Cockpit](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cockpit)
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Device Management](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/devicemanagement)
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Hybrid](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/hybrid)
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Tutorial](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/tutorial)

> - [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Widget plugin](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/widget-plugin)

Reviewer 2: `https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/widget-plugin` was used in older versions..

Maybe we could addtionally also add the login app? (https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/login)

```suggestion
- [{{< product-c8y-iot >}} Sample plugin](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/sample-plugin)
```

Author: added

Cumulocity applications to reuse the functions provided there. In alternative, you could start a
blank application by selecting the "application" project.

> For an alternative to the scaffolding, you can get application from list above directly from their github repositories:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to scaffolding, you can get applications from the list above directly from their GitHub repositories:
```

    <c8y-title>Hello World</c8y-title>
    <p>My first content.</p>
  `,

>   standalone: false

Reviewer 3: We're not supporting standalone apps, but standalone components should be ok?

Author: added this, what do you think? https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/c8y-docs/pull/3509/commits/b1ba0c8ade84d6c8dc9bf0189622bb29059c2aa9

    <c8y-title>Hello World</c8y-title>
    <p>My first content.</p>
  `,
  standalone: false
})
export class HelloComponent {}
```

> Both standalone and module oriented components are supported. For latter ones `standalone: false` has to be added as since Angular 19 standalone property is `true` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both standalone and module oriented components are supported. For the latter ones `standalone: false` has to be added because this property is `true` by default since Angular 19.
```

> Both standalone and module oriented components are supported. For the latter ones `standalone: false` has to be added because this property is `true` by default since Angular 19.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Both standalone and module oriented components are supported. For the latter ones `standalone: false` must be added because this property is `true` by default since Angular 19.
```
